README.md, before:

# ErrandOfWednesday

Disclaimer: I have no idea what I'm doing.

## Entities

### Unique Jellyfish

When the player enters a room or otherwise respawns, only the unique jellyfish closest to the player will spawn. If the player is holding a jellyfish when entering a room, then none of the other jellyfish will spawn unless the one closest to the player has 'confiscate' enabled, in which case the player's held jellyfish will be removed.

The effect is that a player can seemlessly carry a jellyfish between rooms without producing duplicates, and a jellyfish can be placed near every respawn in a room without producing duplicates.

Currently doesn't interact with other jellyfish.

### Watchtower decal

Because of the way watchtowers are implemented, this only works with vanilla watchtowers.

A decal that can be configured to appear depending on whether the player is using a watchtower. If the decal is configured to appear when using a watchtower, it will appeari instally after the start animation finishes.

### Liftboost Block

Sort of like a swap block that doesn't move. 

When the player dashes while touching the block, it gives liftboost in the direction of the node and then goes on cooldown for 0.8 s.

With normalize enabled (the default), the liftboost will be scaled so that largest component is 240 (equivalent to a swap block). When normalize is disabled, the liftboost will be the vector to the node scaled by 5 (e.g. 1x1 tile offset gives 40x40 liftboost).

With instant enabled (the default), the block will grant liftboost on contact during the first 5 frames of activation. With instant disabled, it will grant liftboost for 30 frames.

With always on enabled (disabled by default), the usual timers are bypassed and the block is always in the active state.

### Yet another collectable

[TODO]
Another custom heart/gem/collectable
- Option to require dash towards to collect
- Option to pull player to center while gathering paricles
- Option to Show custom poem from specified dialog
- Optional heartbeat effect
- Optional lua cutscene?
- Set/clear flag after collect
- Persistent
- Activates triggers at nodes

## Triggers

### Entity Remover

A bigger hammer to make any entity a flag entity.

Only works on entities that implement point or rect collision. Should fail silently if they don't, but be sure to test to make sure it doesn't crash.

When activated, removes the entity nearest each of its nodes. Can be configured to active on entering a room and/or only if a flag is set.

Commit message:

add enable flag to liftboost block, fix lookout decals visible on room transition

README.md, after:

# ErrandOfWednesday

Disclaimer: I have no idea what I'm doing.

## Entities

### Unique Jellyfish

When the player enters a room or otherwise respawns, only the unique jellyfish closest to the player will spawn. If the player is holding a jellyfish when entering a room, then none of the other jellyfish will spawn unless the one closest to the player has 'confiscate' enabled, in which case the player's held jellyfish will be removed.

The effect is that a player can seemlessly carry a jellyfish between rooms without producing duplicates, and a jellyfish can be placed near every respawn in a room without producing duplicates.

Currently doesn't interact with other jellyfish.

### Watchtower decal

Because of the way watchtowers are implemented, this only works with vanilla watchtowers.

A decal that can be configured to appear depending on whether the player is using a watchtower. If the decal is configured to appear when using a watchtower, it will appeari instally after the start animation finishes.

### Liftboost Block

Sort of like a swap block that doesn't move. 

When the player dashes while touching the block, it gives liftboost in the direction of the node and then goes on cooldown for 0.8 s.

With normalize enabled (the default), the liftboost will be scaled so that largest component is 240 (equivalent to a swap block). When normalize is disabled, the liftboost will be the vector to the node scaled by 5 (e.g. 1x1 tile offset gives 40x40 liftboost).

With instant enabled (the default), the block will grant liftboost on contact during the first 5 frames of activation. With instant disabled, it will grant liftboost for 30 frames.

With always on enabled (disabled by default), the usual timers are bypassed and the block is always in the active state.

If specified, the flag determines whether the block will be enabled on loading the room.

### Yet another collectable

[TODO]
Another custom heart/gem/collectable
- Option to require dash towards to collect
- Option to pull player to center while gathering paricles
- Option to Show custom poem from specified dialog
- Optional heartbeat effect
- Optional lua cutscene?
- Set/clear flag after collect
- Persistent
- Activates triggers at nodes

## Triggers

### Entity Remover

A bigger hammer to make any entity a flag entity.

Only works on entities that implement point or rect collision. Should fail silently if they don't, but be sure to test to make sure it doesn't crash.

When activated, removes the entity nearest each of its nodes. Can be configured to active on entering a room and/or only if a flag is set.
